== TBCONT.m ==
Create matlab table of content from a directory

[http://guillaumemaze.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/matlab/routines/tbcont2.m Download here]

{{{
% TBCONT Create matlab table of content from a directory
%
% [] = tbcont(PATH_TO_DIR,[OPTION1,VALUE1,...])
%
% We explore the path PATH_TO_DIR for matlab .m files.
% We then create under PATH_TO_DIR:
% 	- a tbcont.html file with an index of all .m routines
%		This is not a standlone html file because it has no header and body.
%		It contains a html table to be inserted in any webpage. However, 
%		most modern browsers will support this and display the content.
%	- a 'help' folder with html help file for each routines
%	- a 'wiki' folder with wiki help file for each routines
%
% In tbcont.html, we create a first table 'Quick Links' which 
% lists all routines and link them to an url of the source file. 
% The url prefix for these links is by default relative to:
%	'http://guillaumemaze.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/matlab/';
% and it can be specified in the options list with opts link_rel.
% So url will be of the form: link_pref/link_rel
%
% Then a second table lists all routines with there h1line as:
%	column 1: link to a wiki page for the routine
%	column 2: the h1line
%	column 3: link to the source file (similar to the one in the 'Quick Links' table)
%
% This function aims to be used in tight conjonction with a Google Code project.
% 
% Example:
%	tbcont('~/matlab/routines','link_rel','matlab','pref_wiki','routines');
%
% Created: 2008-10-30.
% Rev. by Guillaume Maze on 2009-09-25: Added complete help
% Rev. by Guillaume Maze on 2009-09-25: Handle options
% Rev. by Guillaume Maze on 2009-09-25: Manage subfolders
}}}
----
Last update: 2009 September 25, 16:52

Created by Guillaume Maze

More informations at: [http://codes.guillaumemaze.org/matlab codes.guillaumemaze.org/matlab]
