== base64encode.m ==
Perform base64 encoding on a string.

[http://guillaumemaze.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/matlab/codes/inout/base64encode.m Download here]

{{{
%BASE64ENCODE Perform base64 encoding on a string.
%
%   BASE64ENCODE(STR, EOL) encode the given string STR.  EOL is the line ending
%   sequence to use; it is optional and defaults to '\n' (ASCII decimal 10).
%   The returned encoded string is broken into lines of no more than 76
%   characters each, and each line will end with EOL unless it is empty.  Let
%   EOL be empty if you do not want the encoded string broken into lines.
%
%   STR and EOL don't have to be strings (i.e., char arrays).  The only
%   requirement is that they are vectors containing values in the range 0-255.
%
%   This function may be used to encode strings into the Base64 encoding
%   specified in RFC 2045 - MIME (Multipurpose Internet Mail Extensions).  The
%   Base64 encoding is designed to represent arbitrary sequences of octets in a
%   form that need not be humanly readable.  A 65-character subset
%   ([A-Za-z0-9+/=]) of US-ASCII is used, enabling 6 bits to be represented per
%   printable character.
%
%   Examples
%   --------
%
%   If you want to encode a large file, you should encode it in chunks that are
%   a multiple of 57 bytes.  This ensures that the base64 lines line up and
%   that you do not end up with padding in the middle.  57 bytes of data fills
%   one complete base64 line (76 == 57*4/3):
%
%   If ifid and ofid are two file identifiers opened for reading and writing,
%   respectively, then you can base64 encode the data with
%
%      while ~feof(ifid)
%         fwrite(ofid, base64encode(fread(ifid, 60*57)));
%      end
%
%   or, if you have enough memory,
%
%      fwrite(ofid, base64encode(fread(ifid)));
%
%   See also BASE64DECODE.
}}}
----
Last update: 2013 December 09, 15:15

Created by Guillaume Maze

More informations at: [http://codes.guillaumemaze.org/matlab codes.guillaumemaze.org/matlab]
